Hey guys welcome back to the course.
So in this lecture I'm going to show you how you can take the first step in creating low fidelity wireframe.
Now I'm designing this to be as simple as possible.
I'm showing you this.
Based off of a table and paper and I'm going to show you how I would go about doing it but I make it
really simple.
Everybody has a pen.
Everybody has access to paper and honestly that's really all you need to first get the juices flowing
and to get introduced to the wire framing process.
Now remember we have a five step framework.
Remember all the asss this is structure structure is what we're talking about where to put things on
a page roughly how we want it to feel what we think it should look like compared to other Web sites.
Where should the content kind of roughly be located.
This is really the first attempt at putting something on paper.
It's going to be rough.
It's going to be vague but that's exactly what we want
to do.